WSL2 settings recommendation added (#1628)
eclipse-score/score: docs/contribute/development/development_environment.rst

   ide/vscode
   ide/clion

WSL2 Settings
=============

> If you are using a Linux box running on WSL2, the following minimal settings in your .wslconfig file are recommended:

Reviewer: Maybe we can rephrase this and merge, so we don't need to wait for @MaximilianSoerenPollak? Currently it's difficult to tell when out-of-memory happens, as no-one has complained yet. I assume memory becomes an issue when you run an (old) C++ linker?!

```suggestion
If you encounter memory issues on WSL2, the following minimal settings in your .wslconfig file are recommended:
```
